Update docs for cgroupv2 graduation to GA in 1.25 (#35180)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/setup/production-environment/container-runtimes.md

On Linux, {{< glossary_tooltip text="control groups" term_id="cgroup" >}}
are used to constrain resources that are allocated to processes.

Both {{< glossary_tooltip text="kubelet" term_id="kubelet" >}} and the
underlying container runtime need to interface with control groups to enforce

> [resource management for pods and
> containers](/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/) and set

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[resource management for pods and containers](/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/) and set
```

Author: Done

resources such as cpu/memory requests and limits. To interface with control
groups, the kubelet and the container runtime need to use a *cgroup driver*. It's

> critical that both the kubelet and the container runtime cgroup driver match and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
critical that the kubelet and the container runtime uses the same cgroup driver and
```

Author: Done

are configured the same.

There are two cgroup drivers available:

* [`cgroupfs`](#cgroupfs-cgroup-driver)
* [`systemd`](#systemd-cgroup-driver)

### cgroupfs driver {#cgroupfs-cgroup-driver}

> The `cgroupfs` driver is the default cgroup driver in the kubelet. When  the `cgroupfs`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `cgroupfs` driver is the default cgroup driver in the kubelet. When the `cgroupfs`
```

Author: Done

driver is used, the kubelet and the container runtime directly interface with
the cgroup filesystem to configure cgroups.

The `cgroupfs` driver is **not** recommended when
[systemd](https://www.freedesktop.org/wiki/Software/systemd/) is the
init system because systemd expects a single cgroup manager on

> the system. Additionally, if you use [cgroup v2](/docs/concepts/architecture/cgroups)
> , use the `systemd` cgroup driver instead of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the system. Additionally, if you use [cgroup v2](/docs/concepts/architecture/cgroups),
use the `systemd` cgroup driver instead of
```

Reviewer: Is using `systemd` a must or a recommendation? Line 212 says it is a recommendation.

Author: It is a recommendation, but highly recommended :)

On Linux, {{< glossary_tooltip text="control groups" term_id="cgroup" >}}
are used to constrain resources that are allocated to processes.

Both {{< glossary_tooltip text="kubelet" term_id="kubelet" >}} and the
underlying container runtime need to interface with control groups to enforce
[resource management for pods and
containers](/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/) and set
resources such as cpu/memory requests and limits. To interface with control
groups, the kubelet and the container runtime need to use a *cgroup driver*. It's
critical that both the kubelet and the container runtime cgroup driver match and
are configured the same.

There are two cgroup drivers available:

* [`cgroupfs`](#cgroupfs-cgroup-driver)
* [`systemd`](#systemd-cgroup-driver)

### cgroupfs driver {#cgroupfs-cgroup-driver}

The `cgroupfs` driver is the default cgroup driver in the kubelet. When  the `cgroupfs`
driver is used, the kubelet and the container runtime directly interface with
the cgroup filesystem to configure cgroups.

> The `cgroupfs` driver is **not** recommended to be used when

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `cgroupfs` driver is **not** recommended when
```

[systemd](https://www.freedesktop.org/wiki/Software/systemd/) is the
init system because systemd expects a single cgroup manager on
the system. Additionally, if you use [cgroup v2](/docs/concepts/architecture/cgroups)
, use the `systemd` cgroup driver instead of
`cgroupfs`.

### systemd cgroup driver {#systemd-cgroup-driver}

When [systemd](https://www.freedesktop.org/wiki/Software/systemd/) is chosen as the init
system for a Linux distribution, the init process generates and consumes a root control group
(`cgroup`) and acts as a cgroup manager.

systemd has a tight integration with cgroups and allocates a cgroup per systemd

> unit. As a result, is you use `systemd` as the init system with the `cgroupfs`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
unit. As a result, if you use `systemd` as the init system with the `cgroupfs`
```

driver, the system gets two different cgroup managers.

Two cgroup managers result in two views of the available and in-use resources in
the system. In some cases, nodes that are configured to use `cgroupfs` for the

> kubelet and container runtime, but `systemd` for the rest of the processes become

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
kubelet and container runtime, but use `systemd` for the rest of the processes become
```

On Linux, {{< glossary_tooltip text="control groups" term_id="cgroup" >}}
are used to constrain resources that are allocated to processes.

Both {{< glossary_tooltip text="kubelet" term_id="kubelet" >}} and the
underlying container runtime need to interface with control groups to enforce

> [resource mangement for pods and

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[resource management for pods and
```

containers](/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/) and set
resources such as cpu/memory requests and limits. To interface with control

> groups, kubelet and container runtime need to use a "cgroup driver". It's

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
groups, the kubelet and the container runtime need to use a *cgroup driver*. It's
```

> critical that both kubelet and the container runtime cgroup driver match and

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
critical that both the kubelet and the container runtime cgroup driver match and
```

are configured the same.

There are two cgroup drivers available:

* [`cgroupfs`](#cgroupfs-cgroup-driver)
* [`systemd`](#systemd-cgroup-driver)

### cgroupfs driver {#cgroupfs-cgroup-driver}

> The `cgroupfs` driver is the default cgroup driver in kubelet. When `cgroupfs`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `cgroupfs` driver is the default cgroup driver in the kubelet. When  the `cgroupfs`
```

> driver is used, kubelet and the container runtime will directly interface with

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
driver is used, the kubelet and the container runtime directly interface with
```

the cgroup filesystem to configure cgroups.

> The `cgroupfs` is **not** recommended to be used when

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `cgroupfs` driver is **not** recommended to be used when
```

> [systemd](https://www.freedesktop.org/wiki/Software/systemd/) is choosen as the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[systemd](https://www.freedesktop.org/wiki/Software/systemd/) is the
```

> init system since systemd expects there to only be a single cgroup manager on

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
init system because systemd expects a single cgroup manager on
```

> the system. Additionally, if [cgroupv2](/docs/concepts/architecture/cgroups) is

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the system. Additionally, if you use [cgroup v2](/docs/concepts/architecture/cgroups)
```

> used, it's also recommended to use the `systemd` cgroup driver instead of

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
, use the `systemd` cgroup driver instead of
```

`cgroupfs`.

### systemd cgroup driver {#systemd-cgroup-driver}

When [systemd](https://www.freedesktop.org/wiki/Software/systemd/) is chosen as the init
system for a Linux distribution, the init process generates and consumes a root control group
(`cgroup`) and acts as a cgroup manager.

> Systemd has a tight integration with cgroups and allocates a cgroup per systemd

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
systemd has a tight integration with cgroups and allocates a cgroup per systemd
```

> unit. As a result, when using `systemd` as the init system, but `cgroupfs`
> driver, there will be two different cpu managers on the system which is
> undesirable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
unit. As a result, is you use `systemd` as the init system with the `cgroupfs`
driver, the system gets two different cgroup managers.
```

> A single cgroup manager simplifies the view of what resources are being
> allocated and will by default have a more consistent view of the available and
> in-use resources. When there are two cgroup managers on a system, you end up
> with two views of those resources. In the field, people have reported cases
> where nodes that are configured to use `cgroupfs` for the kubelet and container
> runtime, but `systemd` for the rest of the processes, become unstable under
> resource pressure. Changing the settings such that your container runtime and
> kubelet use `systemd` as the cgroup driver stabilized the system.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Two cgroup managers result in two views of the available and in-use resources in
the system. In some cases, nodes that are configured to use `cgroupfs` for the
kubelet and container runtime, but `systemd` for the rest of the processes become
unstable under resource pressure. 

The approach to mitigate this instability is to use `systemd` as the cgroup driver for
the kubelet and the container runtime when systemd is the selected init system.
```

Additionally, if your OS distribution is using [cgroupv2](/docs/concepts/architecture/cgroups), it is highly

> recommended to use the `systemd` cgroup driver.

Reviewer 2: Delete this as it's repeated from above

> To set `systemd` as the cgroup driver edit the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To set `systemd` as the cgroup driver, edit the
```

[`KubeletConfiguration`](/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/)
option of `cgroupDriver` and set it to `systemd`. For example:

```yaml
apiVersion: kubelet.config.k8s.io/v1beta1
kind: KubeletConfiguration

> ... rest of config ...

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
...
```

cgroupDriver: systemd
```

> If kubelet is configured with `systemd` as cgroupDriver, the container runtime
> must also be configured to use the `systemd` as the cgroup driver. If using
> containerd, it can be configured to use systemd cgroup driver as described
> [here](#containerd-systemd). [CRI-O](#cri-o) already defaults to systemd cgroup
> driver. For other container runtimes, refer to their specific documentation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you configure `systemd` as the cgroup driver for the kubelet, you must also
configure `systemd` as the cgroup driver for the container runtime. Refer to
the documentation for your container runtime for instructions. For example:

*  [containerd](#containerd-systemd)
*  [CRI-O](#cri-o) 
```

  [plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".containerd.runtimes.runc.options]
    SystemdCgroup = true
```

> `systemd` cgroup driver is recommended to set if using [cgroupv2](/docs/concepts/architecture/cgroups).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `systemd` cgroup driver is recommended if you use [cgroup v2](/docs/concepts/architecture/cgroups).
```
